Learning outcomes: In this LAB, we set up a general-purpose timer module to operate in timer mode, set the overflow time interval to the desired value using the equation.  And toggle an LED in the interrupt service routine (ISR) for the timer overflow event.
The output time interval is determined by the Prescaler value, the clock frequency, and the timer preload register’s value. .It is possible to configure the timer by pulling the clock values using Pwm. The timer counts a specified number of times and repeats its cycle. PWM is set with parameters and the timer counts according to these settings. 1 ms interrupts can be created with timer interrupts and by incrementing a variable with each interrupt, a number can be incremented when this variable becomes 1000 and this number can be displayed on the serial port. It is necessary to adjust the prescaler and counter period settings to determine the cutoff frequency of the timer. The counter period value cannot be 0 and the timer is usually required because the data must be used synchronously. Timer can be used for precision interrupt and PWM. As stated in the datasheet, 1 should be subtracted as the prescaler+1 value is used. It is possible to work on the desired time data with the Halgettick function. Delay is not used because delay stops the processor and no action is taken during this time. Delay is not used because the timer runs in the background.
The prescaler will be 9000-1 and counter period value 10000-1 can be used for 1 Hz value for 1 s. Similarly, prescaler 9000-1 and counter period 5000-1 can be used for a value of 2 Hz for 0.5 s. 
And the timer module will be clocked at the internal clock frequency.